Web Developer                  

Responsibilities:

Functionalities include writing code in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSF and testing the functionalities using JUnit.
Worked with the team, helping them build out their markup and CSS. My Specialty is large scale CSS focusing on reusability and modularity. 
Created a CSS framework for using a 12 column grid preferred by the designers as well as implementing parts of CSS to cut down on repetitive code. 
Implemented JavaScript module patterns using asynchronous script loading. 
Displayed validation error message using CSS animations and JQuery. 
Developed HTML interfaces with an understanding of UI design principles and object-oriented program development. 
Developed Object Oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client side validations using JQuery. 
Implemented Web services (SOAP) for transmission of large blocks of JSON data over HTTP. 
Used Eclipse as the IDE and Struts Framework for developing the application, Developed the JSPs for the application. 
Implemented Action Form classes, Action classes for the entire Reports module using Struts framework. 
Worked through cross browser compatibility issues with existing styles and new CSS that was implemented. 
Implemented JavaScript module patterns using asynchronous script loading. 
Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers which includes IE6. 
Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, XML, XSLT, JSF, Servlet, ANT, Java, JDBC, Oracle, SQL, IDE- Eclipse, Source Control - SVN.

Confidential

Front End Developer

Responsibilities:

Worked with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS. 
Rapidly prototyped interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically-rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs. 
Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS . 
Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs , Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML . 
Worked with user interfaces and applied usability principle to portals
Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application. 
Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards. 
Responsible for code optimization and test the website across different browsers
Developed application for different browsers and fixed bugs for browser compatibility. 
Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client side scripting using JavaScript. 
Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ECLIPSE, Adobe Photoshop, DHTML, MS Office, Firefox, Windows XP, AJAX, JSON.


